Sunday mornings in Central Park Sunday
give it my last couple videos I wanted
to address one thing Sarah do you have a
boyfriend
I get this question a lot I usually just
ignore it say I'm in a committed
relationship with YouTube but I do not
the more important thing I wanted to
address is the fact that I like stuff
that a lot of dudes like so I'm into
tech film sports ball all of that stuff
so I hang out with dudes a lot because
of that there's gonna be a lot of guys
in this vlog I understand it's fun to
like people and stuff you know it's
the Internet y'all are gonna do that
which is fantastic
do what you do just sayin every guy who
shows up in one of my videos isn't my
boyfriend so guess the whole point of
this is saying there's going to be dudes
in my vlog doesn't mean that you have to
always comment that I'm dating them or
comment bulgar things I'm not really a
dater but if that ever becomes part of
my life it probably won't even be a big
part of these vlogs so you can keep
shipping and internetting whatever you
guys do it's it's okay it doesn't bother
me just saying you know this is going to
make a great clickbait title so right
now I'm gearing up to shoot a that
creative life episode with just me
usually for these series I have guests
because they offer fantastic insights
from the worlds that I am unaware of but
occasionally I do some episodes just
with me so I'm excited if you don't know
what that creative life is it's a kind
of an interview series that I do that
features entrepreneurs and different
creatives it's basically very practical
advice on how to navigate the creative
world as an artist an entrepreneur so
let's get to filming
gotta always check the hair before
filming also when I film stuff like this
or any of my tech videos that are more
worried I never write scripts like word
towards stuff but I always like jot down
notes or bullet points in my notes on my
phone or just like in a moleskin journal
that I use a lot so I drop down bullet
points and then I will occasionally look
back to that just to make sure I don't
go way too off-topic but most of this
stuff just comes straight from brain hey
I don't know what is up my name is Sara
Dee she welcome to another episode of
that creative life today we're talking
about honey I got business cards you're
handing out your business cards wrong
just finish up recording another episode
of that creative life it will be up by
the time you see this so make sure to
check it out now I have some other
things to do
I'm starving I need to go eat something
green I have been eating so terribly
since in New York
then I want to go to church go to church
then I need to of course edit that that
creative life video and then edit the
vlog Danya then you guys will be seeing
my face so I hope you have a fabulous
Monday happy start to the week stay
peachy I'll see you in the next one okay
bye
Sam wants to tandem boosted board no no
we're going to tandem boosts I don't
know how I feel about this you're right
goofy though that's fine see I'm I'm a
normal rider I can write you I can ride
regular you ride with your left foot
forward that's not